docs: add rspack upgrade guide (#3734)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/advanced-features/rspack-start.mdx

:::tip
When migrating from webpack to Rspack, there may have some differences in build and configuration capabilities. For more details, please refer to [Configuration Differences](https://modernjs.dev/builder/en/guide/advanced/rspack-start.html#migrating-from-webpack-to-rspack).
:::

## The relationship between Rspack and Modern.js versions

Usually, the latest version of Rspack will be integrated into Modern.js. You can update the Modern.js-related dependencies and built-in Rspack to the latest version by using `npx modern upgrade` in your project.

However, Modern.js uses a locked version dependency method (non-automatic upgrade) for Rspack. Due to differences in release cycles, the version of Rspack integrated into Modern.js may be behind the latest version of Rspack.

When Rspack is enabled for building through dev / build, the current version of Rspack used in the framework will be printed automatically:

![rspack_version_log](https://lf3-static.bytednsdoc.com/obj/eden-cn/6221eh7uhbfvhn/modern/img_v2_dfcf051f-21db-4741-a108-d9f7a82c3abg.png)

> ### Modifying the Built-in Rspack Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Override the Built-in Rspack Version
```

> You can modify Rspack to a specified version using the dependency upgrade method provided by package management tools such as pnpm / yarn / npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override Rspack to a specific version using the capbilities provided by package managers such as pnpm, yarn, npm.
```

> For example, using pnpm, you can update the Rspack version with `overrides` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are using pnpm, you can update the Rspack version with `overrides` as shown below:
```
